Updating Install ZE topics for Zowe V3 (#3669)
zowe/docs-site: docs/getting-started/ZE-system-reqs.md

# Zowe Explorer system requirements

Before installing Zowe Explorer, make sure that you meet the following requirements.

:::info Required roles: systems administrator, devops architect
:::

## Client side requirements

### Operating systems

> - MacOS 10.15 (Catalina), 11 (Big Sur), 12 (Monterey), 13 (Ventura), 14 (Sonoma) **are all these correct?**

Author: @adam-wolfe please respond

Reviewer: Somebody on the squad might know different, but it looks like 10.15 and 11 are no longer actively supported by Apple and VS Code only claims support for actively maintained versions of MacOS. So, we could consider removing 10.15 and 11.

Author: updated per ZE squad discussion

# Zowe Explorer system requirements

Before installing Zowe Explorer, make sure that you meet the following requirements.

:::info Required roles: systems administrator, devops architect
:::

## Client side requirements

### Operating systems

- macOS

    :::note

>     Only Mac operating system versions supported by Apple.

Author: Since there wasn't an official list, I didn't want to include a link to a third-party source

### Integrated development environments: 

- [Red Hat CodeReady Workspaces](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/jboss-middleware/codeready-workspaces) 

    :::note

>     Secure credentials are not supported in Red Hat CodeReady Workspaces as the keyrings are not unlocked by default.

Reviewer 2: Not required, just a suggestion - since this line only refers to one environment, we can use "keyring" instead of "keyrings":

```suggestion
    Secure credentials are not supported in Red Hat CodeReady Workspaces as the keyring is not unlocked by default.
```

Reviewer 3: Do we want to have a plug for the k8's vsc extension here for the code ready workspace? We could link to it's extender documentation if available or marketplace or blog until available?
